Added notice for disabling default stubs (#202)
wintercms/docs: console/asset-compilation-mix.md

- `--tailwind` will configure your package for [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- `--vue`  will configure your package for [vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)

For example, the following with configure the plugin `Acme.Example` with tailwind and create `plugins/acme/example/assets/src/acme-example.css` with a tailwind setup.

```bash
php artisan mix:config acme.example --tailwind
```

> > Winter will automatically pre-populate css/js files with a basic setup of your chosen libraries, if you wish to disable this feature then use the `--no-stubs` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Winter will automatically pre-populate CSS/JS files with a basic setup of your chosen libraries. If you wish to only have the base configuration files generated then use the `--no-stubs` option.
```
